[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
the first thing we're going to,
we're just going to jump right into Scope.
What is Scope?
How many people here have heard of Scope,
meh, never heard of Scope.
What is Scope then?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How about Andy,
what is Scope?
>> Andy: I'd say Scope is,
from what I understand, a set of rules
where defines where variables are stored,
I guess?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so
it defines where we can access variables,
where variables kind of live or exist.
Cool.
What about Rich.
>> Rich: Yeah, I look at it as an area
where a variable is relevant.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Rich: Outside of that scope
that variable may not even exist or.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Rich: So it's like a hierarchy of maybe
spaces, if you will.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, absolutely.
So, in essence,
Scope is where our variables have meaning.
So if we try to access
a variable outside of its Scope,
that variable won't exist and
it would throw an error.
And the important thing about Scope
is Scope is created dynamically
whenever we call the function.
So we think about scope a lot of times
as being in the function body itself.
And you can sort of think of
these two brackets here that
define the function body as
a representation of Scope.
However, the Scope itself isn't created
until we call that function here.
So, every time we call a function,
we create a new Scope.
So, if we call this add function three
times, we then have three Scopes created.
And that's why we can have different
values in the function body.
Using the same function, have different
values for our parameters for
example, or anything.
You have a question?
>> Speaker 3: I have a question.
Other structures besides functions
that have curly brackets,
like-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, like blocks.
>> Speaker 3: Like whiles and fors.
Do they create their own Scope?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Not in JavaScript.
>> Speaker 3: Only functions?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Only functions.
Mm-hm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
we have this thing called local scope.
And this is how we create
a scope in JavaScript,
is by wrapping it in a function.
And this is the only way that we
can create a scope, is by saying
var Name inside of a function body.
So, if, for example, we console.log(local)
out here, this would be outside of that
scope, and that would give us an error
because there's no local variable there.
And this is also, do you have a question?
>> Speaker 4: Question is,
if you declare a named variable as
the function versus a function and
the name is it the same thing?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What's
the difference?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's basically
the same thing.
So the question is, what's the difference
between naming a function like this or
like this?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: The difference
is that this function name here is gonna
be hoisted to the top of the scope and
that you can refer to this function,
the whole function body,
everything, it'll be hoisted to the top.
Whereas if you store it in a variable,
it will follow variable hoisting rules.
We're not gonna get into hoisting today.
It's kind of like a
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I don't know.
It's something that happens in JavaScript.
That's sort of like extra
points if you know it,
but if you just follow the general rules,
you shouldn't have to worry about it.
But in general I would recommend to
store it in a function, I'm sorry,
to store it in a variable rather
than just creating a named function.
>> Speaker 5: If you take
the VAR off of that second line
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Uh-huh.
>> Speaker 5: Then will the console
log work?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's my next slide.
So good.
You're a step
ahead.
>> Speaker 5: Sorry.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No worries.
So this is a private variable and
our locals is in the local scope.
And then we have something else
that's called global scope.
So global variables can be accessed
anywhere in your application.
This could be dangerous if
you have naming collisions.
You might not know which one wins, and
then you could have unexpected results.
So, in general, you want to avoid
putting things in the global scope.
So one way to create something in
the global scope is to simply,
outside of a function, say var x = global.
Or even if it's inside of a function,
what you could do is you
could leave the var off.
This would still work,
it just automatically makes that
variable part of the global scope.
So, make sure that you do have those vars.
>> Speaker 6: Now, the indentation there
is not relevant in JavaScript?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No.
A white space doesn't matter.
>> Speaker 6: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
And another thing that's kind
of a hack is that you could
put it on the window object.
So all global variables
are located on the window object.
So you could say, window.y,
at least in the browser.
So in browser land, every global variable
is attached to the window object.
So this wouldn't be true in different
other environments like node or
if you're programming like a TESL or
something, the different, the environment
depends on this but in the browser
window is where all of our globals live.
Mm-hm?
>> Speaker 7: So
that z = global here tool,
that's global because you didn't
use the var?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 7: And I could access x, or
z, with window.x or z later on?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes.
Yep.